---
title:  Review #4- Cognition and Estimation
---


## Cognition

+ List one human congitive bias
+ Describe a software design discussion where that bias could arise, to the detriment of that project.

A piece of software with 300 booleans has two-raised-to-the-power of 300 possible internal states. Thsis
is more than the number of stars in the universe. Here are three hypotheses for how humans
have been abe to build software for such seemingly complex states. Expalin and comment on each one.

+ Communities are correcting.
+ Most parts of most software are ignored.
+ Information hiding.

## Estimation

+ What will happen to software projects if  there is overestimation or underestimation?
+ What is expert-based estimation?
    + What are goods and bads of expert estimation?
    + Describe one expert-based estimation method
+ What is model-based estimation? 
    + What are goods and bads of model estimation?
    + Describe on model-based estimation method _other_ than COCOMO.
+ Complete and explain the following:
    + Early lifecycle estimates are inherently inaccurate due to X.
    + Software effort estimation datasets are inherently small due to Y.
+ COCOMO collects data in one of five categories. Give an example of one COCOMO
  attribute in each of the following categories:
	  + Product
	  + Project
	  + Process
	  + Personnel
	  + Platform
+ For each of the following, (a) define and explain the "X" term, (b) fill in the "Y" value
  and (c) offer a plausible explanation for each item:
      + As X=_acap_ increases, the effort Y.
	  + As X=_rely_ increases, the effort Y
	  + As X=pvol increases, the effort Y.
