---
title:  Review #5- Bad Smells and Analystics
---

## Software Development

+ Consider the project descriptors
  acap (analyst capability);
  rely (required reliability);
  and pvol (programmer volalitity). For all three pairs oif
  these descriptors, describe a "bad smell".
+ Consider a Github project with issues labelled with the standard
  four phases of the V-model
      + What are the names of those standard phases?
      + If you tracked how those issue labels are assigned within
        a GitHub project, what would be:
	    + Two exmaples of ``good smells'' about those issues;
	    + Two examples of ``bad smells'' about those issues.

## Analytics:

+ Here are some examples of best practive in effort estimation. For each,
  describe in detail how it might be implemented within an organization:
      + Combine estimates from different experts and estimation strategies;
      + Assess the uncertainty of the estimate;
      + Evaluate estimation accuracy, but avoid high evaluation pressure;
      + Use documented data from previous development tasks;
      


```
Id  Inputs  Putputs  Queries  Files  R1    R2       R3    Effort
a   7       12       13       8      0.95  220      209   4.1
b   10      69       1        9      0.9   478.89   431   28.8
c   12      15       0        15     0.95  273.68   260   6.1
d   13      19       0        23     0.75  377.33   283   10
e   15      15       6        3      1.05  189.52   199   0.5
```

+ There are five rows in the above data _a,b,d,e_. Using those ids, describe the
  five train/test sets in a leave-one-out experiment.
+ Analytics can be assessed by the performance delta abs(predicted-actual)/actual.
  Compute those deltas using the following nearest neighbor algorithm:
       + Ignoring everything except Inputs, find the nearest  neighbor to the test case
         {Inputs=9, actual=20}.
       + Report  the error delta.
